What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	When you initialize a repository it creates an empty repository without any commits.
	You need to do this so that git will now to track files in this repository once they are committed for version control.
	
How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

	The staging area is where I put files that I have been working on and are ready to commit to the repository.
	It allows me to see what files are being changed and to see if it makes logical sense to commit them.
	
How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	By looking at the staging area you can see which files you are set to commit. You can add/remove files to correspond to the logical change.
	
What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

	Branches would be helpful when you want to try out new features or create different versions of a program, but not lose the original version.  Branches allow you to play with new features and ideas with changing the original.  You can later add those changes back to the master.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	Diagrams allow you to see where the branches broke off from the master so you can see how much the branch has changed and what changes have been made to master that need to added in.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

	The result of merging two branches together brings in changes that were made in a separate branch into another with all of the latest changes from the other branch. The branches are represented by a diagram because it's the easiest way to see where the branches diverged and where they need to recombine.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

	Automatic merging is great for when you can things added to code that have nothing to do with each other and easily be put together as it saves time for the programmer from having to do it manually for every file.  However, we don't want the machine to go beyond it's scope so when it can't easily put things together, we want a human to review the code to make sure everything will run smooth going forward.